README.md, before:

# CodewarsExercises
Exercises to practice from codewars.com

____________________________________
### Exercise 1:  Classic Hello World:
DESCRIPTION:
You are given a method called main, make it print the line Hello World!, (yes, that includes a new line character at the end) and don't return anything

Note that for some languages, the function main is the entry point of the program.
___________________________________
### Exercise 2:  Collinearity:
Theoretical Material
You are given two vectors starting from the origin (x=0, y=0) with coordinates (x1,y1) and (x2,y2). Your task is to find out if these vectors are collinear. Collinear vectors are vectors that lie on the same straight line. They can be directed in the same or opposite directions. One vector can be obtained from another by multiplying it by a certain number. In terms of coordinates, vectors (x1, y1) and (x2, y2) are collinear if (x1, y1) = (k*x2, k*y2) , where k is any number acting as a coefficient.

Notes
All vectors start from the origin (x=0, y=0).
Be careful when handling cases where x1, x2, y1, or y2 are zero to avoid division by zero errors.
A vector with coordinates (0, 0) is collinear to all vectors.
__________________________________________________
### Exercise 3:  Powers of 2:
DESCRIPTION:
Complete the function that takes a non-negative integer n as input, and returns a list of all the powers of 2 with the exponent ranging from 0 to n ( inclusive ).

Examples
n = 0  ==> [1]        # [2^0]

n = 1  ==> [1, 2]     # [2^0, 2^1]

n = 2  ==> [1, 2, 4]  # [2^0, 2^1, 2^2]
________________________________________________________________________
### Exercise 4: Rock Paper Scissors!
DESCRIPTION:
Rock Paper Scissors
Let's play! You have to return which player won! In case of a draw return Draw!.
Examples(Input1, Input2 --> Output):

"scissors", "paper" --> "Player 1 won!"

"scissors", "rock" --> "Player 2 won!"

"paper", "paper" --> "Draw!"
_______________________________________________________
### Exercise 5: Multiply the number
DESCRIPTION:
Jack really likes his number five: the trick here is that you have to multiply each number by 5 raised to the number of digits of each numbers, so, for example:

  3 -->    15  (  3 * 5¹)
  
 10 -->   250  ( 10 * 5²)
 
200 --> 25000  (200 * 5³)

  0 -->     0  (  0 * 5¹)
  
 -3 -->   -15  ( -3 * 5¹)
 ____________________________________________

Commit message:

Update README.md add 8kyu level

README.md, after:

# CodewarsExercises
Exercises to practice from codewars.com (https://www.codewars.com). There are different levels, from 8kyu (the easiest) to 1kyu (the hardpest)

____________________________________

## 8kyu level exercises: index

Exercise 1:  Classic Hello World.

Exercise 2:  Collinearity

Exercise 3:  Powers of 2

Exercise 4: Rock Paper Scissors!

Exercise 5: Multiply the number


___________________________________________

### Exercise 1:  Classic Hello World:
DESCRIPTION:
You are given a method called main, make it print the line Hello World!, (yes, that includes a new line character at the end) and don't return anything

Note that for some languages, the function main is the entry point of the program.
___________________________________
### Exercise 2:  Collinearity:
Theoretical Material
You are given two vectors starting from the origin (x=0, y=0) with coordinates (x1,y1) and (x2,y2). Your task is to find out if these vectors are collinear. Collinear vectors are vectors that lie on the same straight line. They can be directed in the same or opposite directions. One vector can be obtained from another by multiplying it by a certain number. In terms of coordinates, vectors (x1, y1) and (x2, y2) are collinear if (x1, y1) = (k*x2, k*y2) , where k is any number acting as a coefficient.

Notes
All vectors start from the origin (x=0, y=0).
Be careful when handling cases where x1, x2, y1, or y2 are zero to avoid division by zero errors.
A vector with coordinates (0, 0) is collinear to all vectors.
__________________________________________________
### Exercise 3:  Powers of 2:
DESCRIPTION:
Complete the function that takes a non-negative integer n as input, and returns a list of all the powers of 2 with the exponent ranging from 0 to n ( inclusive ).

Examples
n = 0  ==> [1]        # [2^0]

n = 1  ==> [1, 2]     # [2^0, 2^1]

n = 2  ==> [1, 2, 4]  # [2^0, 2^1, 2^2]
________________________________________________________________________
### Exercise 4: Rock Paper Scissors!
DESCRIPTION:
Rock Paper Scissors
Let's play! You have to return which player won! In case of a draw return Draw!.
Examples(Input1, Input2 --> Output):

"scissors", "paper" --> "Player 1 won!"

"scissors", "rock" --> "Player 2 won!"

"paper", "paper" --> "Draw!"
_______________________________________________________
### Exercise 5: Multiply the number
DESCRIPTION:
Jack really likes his number five: the trick here is that you have to multiply each number by 5 raised to the number of digits of each numbers, so, for example:

  3 -->    15  (  3 * 5¹)
  
 10 -->   250  ( 10 * 5²)
 
200 --> 25000  (200 * 5³)

  0 -->     0  (  0 * 5¹)
  
 -3 -->   -15  ( -3 * 5¹)
 ____________________________________________
